Added `mount` `umount` command to mount and unmount existing image; Also added cmake toolchain for cross compilation (#49)
ros-realtime/ros-realtime-rpi4-image: docs/BuilderDesignAndUsageGuide.md

  the phase1 host scripts, the builder will run the script from the first
  profile, then the second, then the third, and so on.

### Phase 2 cross-compilation

If you want a custom image with a custom library/application, you can
cross-compile it in phase2. This is done via a cross compilation toolchain
installed on the host machine. An example of this is given in
[`image_builder/data/example-cross-compile`](../image_builder/data/example-cross-compile).

> This is an example profile that can be overlaid ontop of any image and will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example profile that can be overlaid on top of any image and will
```

cross-compile and install a C++ project. Please read this profile if you're
interested in creating your own profile. Most C++ projects will follow a
similar structure to it:

1. The [`phase1-target`](../image_builder/data/example-cross-compile/scripts/phase1-target)
   script installs the build and runtime dependency for the

>    project you're trying to cross compile into the target image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   project you're trying to cross-compile into the target image.
```
